Tw 168 create documentation for workflow size constraint violations (#1819)
temporalio/documentation: kb/temporal-platform-limits-sheet.md

  - We error at 50 MB: [`history size exceeds error limit.`](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.7.0/service/history/workflowExecutionContext.go#L1204)
  - This is configurable with [`HistorySizeLimitError` and `HistorySizeLimitWarn`](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.7.0/service/history/configs/config.go#L380-L381), if you know what you are doing.
- **History total count limit** (leading to a terminated Workflow Execution):

  - We warn at 10,000 Events: `history size exceeds warn limit.`
  - We error at 50,000 Events: [`history size exceeds error limit.`](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.7.0/service/history/workflowExecutionContext.go#L1204)

  - This is configurable with [`HistoryCountLimitError` and `HistoryCountLimitWarn`](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.7.0/service/history/configs/config.go#L382-L383), if you know what you are doing.

>   - We fail the following Commands at 50,000 for OSS (Cloud will fail at 2,000):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We fail the following Commands at 50,000 for OSS and at 2,000 for Temporal Cloud:
```

- **History total count limit** (leading to a terminated Workflow Execution):
  - We warn at 10,000 Events: `history size exceeds warn limit.`
  - We error at 50,000 Events: [`history size exceeds error limit.`](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.7.0/service/history/workflowExecutionContext.go#L1204)

>   - We fail the following Commands at 50,000 Events for OSS (Cloud will fail at 2,000 Events):

Reviewer 2: Commands is more precise than Event here.

    - `ScheduleActivityTask`
    - `SignalExternalWorkflowExecution`
    - `RequestCancelExternalWorkflowExecution`
    - `StartChildWorkflowExecution`

>   - This is configurable with [`HistoryCountLimitError` and `HistoryCountLimitWarn`](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.7.0/service/history/configs/config.go#L382-L383), if you know what you are doing.

Reviewer 2: This comment should be right below line 28

Reviewer 2: It's referring to the event history limit, not the pending commands limit

  - We error at 50,000 Events: [`history size exceeds error limit.`](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.7.0/service/history/workflowExecutionContext.go#L1204)
  - This is configurable with [`HistoryCountLimitError` and `HistoryCountLimitWarn`](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.7.0/service/history/configs/config.go#L382-L383), if you know what you are doing.
- [Search Attributes maximums](/visibility/#search-attributes-maximums)

> - **Workflow field limits** (leading to Command failure):

Reviewer 3: What is a "field"here?

Also, looks like what you actually want to do is update and merge this info into the "History total count limit" stuff above...

Because that already calls out the hard limit of 50,000 Events.
